For a world always connected… 

> Indoor Access Point

# ECW5211-L 

## Indoor Access Point Concurrent Dual-Band 11ac Wave 2 indoor AP 

Product Overview 

The ECW5211-L is an enterprise-grade, concurrent dual-band 802.11ac Wave 2 indoor access point, designed specifically for high-density Wi-Fi environments. The ECW5211-L features two 2x2:2 MU-MIMO radios that can each transmit data to multiple clients simultaneously, and together have a combined data rate of up to 1.2 Gbps. Besides, ECW5211-L's integrated Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) also enables new value-added applications such as indoor location tracking, iBeacon, and other location-based 

services. 

When used with an Edgecore controller, additional value-added applications such as bandwidth control, user authentication, and captive portals can be used to provide an ideal solution for all types of businesses. 

Highlights 

Wi-Fi 

• Concurrent dual-band 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz • 802.11ac 2x2 MU-MIMO supporting up to 1.2 Gbps data rate • Support up to 32 ESSIDs • Enterprise-grade wireless security 

Physical 

• Wall and ceiling mountable • High-density Wi-Fi deployment • 802.3af Power over Ethernet (PoE) • Gigabit LAN Ethernet port • Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) 

Management with controller 

• Captive portal and guest provisioning 

• Fast Layer 2/Layer 3 roaming • User-based access management 

– Bandwidth control 

– Firewall policies 

– Routing policies 

• Wi-Fi monetization 

ECW5211-L 

Edgecore Controller 

RADIUS 

ECW5211-L 

ECW5211-L 

www.edge-core.com 

# DATASHEET TEL: +886-3-5638888 FAX: +886-3-6686111 No.1, Creation Rd. III, Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan 30077 sales@edge-core.com www.edge-core.com 

TEL: +1 (949)-336-6801 20 Mason Irvine, CA 92618 

EC-DS-0118-01 

www.edge-core.com 

# ECW5211-L Product Specifications 

## Features 

Warranty 

Please check www.edge-core.com for the warranty terms in your country. 

For More Information 

To find out more about Edgecore Networks Corporation products and solutions, visit www.edge-core.com. 

About Edgecore Networks Corporation 

Edgecore Networks Corporation is in the business of providing innovative network solutions. In the service provider network, in the data center or in the cloud, Edgecore Networks Corporation delivers the software and systems that transform the way the world connects. Edgecore Networks Corporation serves customers and partners worldwide. Additional information can be found at www.edge-core.com. Edgecore Networks Corporation is a subsidiary of Accton Technology Corporation, the leading network ODM company. The Edgecore data center switches are developed and manufactured by Accton. To purchase Edgecore Networks solutions, please contact your Edgecore Networks Corporation representatives at +886 3 563 8888 (HQ) or +1 (949)-336-6801 or authorized resellers. 

© Copyright 2018 Edgecore Networks Corporation. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This document is for informational purposes only and does not set forth any warranty, expressed or implied, concerning any equipment, equipment feature, or service offered by Edgecore Networks Corporation. Edgecore Networks Corporation shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.