For a world always connected… 

# EWS101 

# WIRELESS LAN CONTROLLER 

## INTRODUCTION 

The EWS101 is an entry-level wireless LAN controller that provides enterprise-grade functionality for SMBs, retail/chainstores, and distributed sites. With AP management, user authentication, policy assignment, traffic shaping, firewall features all packaged into a single box, the EWS101 allows smaller organizations with minimal IT resources to enable the same level of network security and management capabilities as their large enterprise counterparts. The EWS101 is extremely affordable, easy to deploy, and simple to manage, making it the ideal choice for SMBs needing a comprehensive Wi-Fi solution. The EWS101 is capable of managing up to 50 ECW/ECWO-series Wireless Access Points, which can be deployed and configured easily by anyone, including non-wireless savvy users. For example, automated AP discovery prevents network administrators from having to go through the hassle of individually adding and configuring each access point. Access points as well as connected Wi-Fi devices can then be monitored and managed from a centralized point, with extensive logging & reporting features to assist in troubleshooting and maintenance. As Wi-Fi enabled handheld devices such as smartphones and tablets become ever so prevalent in our daily lives, businesses and network operators alike are faced with a mind-boggling dilemma – how to simultaneously address the needs of BYOD (Bring Your Own Device), manage Wi-Fi users, and maintain network service quality for mission critical applications. The EWS101 is designed exactly with these requirements in mind, and with a total cost of ownership that satisfies even the most price conscious, organizations are guaranteed to receive an unmatched ROI on their wireless LAN infrastructure. 

SW Guest Rooms Reception Lobby 2.4G 5G 5G 2.4G 5G 2.4G 

EWS101 AP AP AP 

# WIRELESS LAN CONTROLLER 

## INTRODUCTION ENTERPRISE-GRADE WIRELESS LAN CONTROLLER  EWS101 

2

## FEATURES 

SECURITY 

Security is often one of the most important concerns when 

it comes to enterprise wireless networks. From the most 

basic need of preventing network access by unauthorized 

users to performing rogue AP detection and enforcing 

network isolation, the Edgecore controllers provide a 

complex set of features that prevent malicious activities in 

an organization's network. 

For deployment flexibility, the Edgecore controllers 

support user authentication via both the industry 

standard 802.1X as well as web-based captive portals. The 

highly customizable captive portals with integrated walled 

garden capability can be adapted to suit the needs of 

hotels, schools, and other public venues. For unregistered 

users without an account, guest access can be provided by 

simply entering an e-mail address, logging in with social 

media accounts, or purchasing a data plan through PayPal. 

With various account generation methods, the Edgecore 

controllers are able to identify users and track user 

activities, ensuring network security in public Wi-Fi. 

The Edgecore controllers also support remote access via 

VPN, which is crucial for travelling businessmen. At the 

same time, site-to-site VPN establishes secure connections 

between corporate headquarters and branch offices. 

DEVICE MOBILITY 

Fast Roaming Between Access Points  ◈ Yes 

Cross Gateway Roaming  ◈ Yes 

WISPr Smart Client  ◈ Yes 

Mobile Device Recognition for 

Optimized Captive Portal  ◈ Yes 

Multiple Device Logins Per Account  ◈ Yes 

QR Code Automatic Login  ◈ Yes 

Device Plug-and-Play  ◈ Yes 

On-Demand Smart Login without 

Re-Authentication  ◈ Yes 

MOBILITY 

The advent of the era of smartphones and tablets has 

opened a chasm between how the Internet is used and 

how organizations provide Internet connectivity. Wireless 

networks have transformed from a luxury to a necessity, 

in order to support devices that don't have legacy wired 

capability. Furthermore, additional features need to be 

provided in order to address the rapidly changing usage 

behavior. 

The Edgecore Controllers support a variety of mobility 

features that aim to make enterprise Wi-Fi both easier to 

use and simpler to manage. For example, by supporting 

fast roaming, users on mobile devices can be on-the-

go without worrying about interrupted connections. It 

is also not uncommon to see a single user with multiple 

handheld devices - with the Edgecore Controller all of 

the devices can login to Wi-Fi using the same username 

and password. Finally, mobile-optimized captive portals 

and ticket-printed QR code automatic login are both easy 

methods for a user to get online from their mobile device. 

USER SECURITY 

Authentication Types  

> ◈

802.1X  

> ◈

UAM (browser-based)  

> ◈

IP or MAC-based 

Authentication Servers  

> ◈

Local  

> ◈

On-Demand  

> ◈

Guest  

> ◈

RADIUS  

> ◈

LDAP  

> ◈

NT Domain  

> ◈

SIP  

> ◈

POP3 

Customizable Captive Portal  ◈ Yes 

Customizable Wild Card 

Walled Garden  ◈ Yes 

User Blacklisting  ◈ Yes 

ACCOUNT GENERATION 

On-demand Account  

> ◈

SMS registration  

> ◈

Purchase via PayPal  

> ◈

Hotel PMS integration  

> ◈

Selectable Billing Plans  

> ◈

Account Ticket Printer 

On-demand Account 

Flexibility  

> ◈

Customizable Billing 

Plans  

> ◈

Account Credentials  

> ◈

Access Codes  

> ◈

Smart Login 

Guest Wi-Fi Account  

> ◈

Limitation by duration 

and volume  

> ◈

Configurable 

reactivation time  

> ◈

E-mail registration and 

activation 

Social Media Login  ◈ Yes 

NETWORK SECURITY 

VPN  ◈ Remote  

> ◈

Site-to-Site 

Tunneling Protocols  ◈ IPSec  

> ◈

IKEv2 

Network Isolation  ◈ Intra-VLAN or Port  

> ◈

Inter-VLAN or Port 

Rogue AP Detection  ◈ Yes 

Certificates  ◈ Built-in Root CA 3

ENTERPRISE-GRADE WIRELESS LAN CONTROLLER  EWS101 

SERVICES 

As wireless networks increasingly become the primary 

network used by organizations, it is crucial to take into 

consideration fundamental network services, such as 

DHCP, NAT, and routing. In addition to providing these 

functions, the Edgecore Controller also implements the 

concept of a "Service Zone", which essentially segments 

the controller into multiple virtual controllers, each 

with its own associated network services, user policies, 

authentication settings, etc. 

Finally, the Edgecore Controller provides unique value-

added capabilities, such as a direct integration with 

Micros Opera PMS that greatly simplifies the overhead of 

providing managed Wi-Fi in hotels. 

MANAGEMENT 

In a wireless LAN, the Edgecore Controller is the central 

point of management for network administrators, whether 

it is monitoring current online users or troubleshooting 

network connectivity issues. The management console 

of the Edgecore Controller is a browser-based GUI that 

is simple and intuitive to operate. From this interface, 

network administrators can configure traffic shaping 

profiles, track previous network usage, perform system 

backup and restore, and much more. 

From the user management perspective, one of the 

core benefits of the Edgecore Controller is its ability 

to enforce different traffic profiles based on both the 

location (Service Zone) of the user and the time of access. 

For example, the profiles applied during work hours can 

be different from that of during after-work hours. From 

bandwidth limitations to specific routing rules, network 

administrators gain fine-grained control over Wi-Fi users. 

For access points, Edgecore Controllers support automatic 

discovery and provisioning, eliminating many repetitive 

and cumbersome tasks often faced during initial network 

deployment. Centralized AP configuration and monitoring 

also greatly reduces maintenance overhead for IT staff. 

SYSTEM MANAGEMENT 

Browser-Based Configuration  ◈ Yes 

Administrator Accounts  

> ◈

Multiple tiered access 

privileges  

> ◈

Monitor each admin’s 

current accessed page 

System Time  ◈ NTP synchronization  

> ◈

Manually configured 

System Backup & Restore  ◈ Yes 

SNMP  ◈ Yes; v2c 

Network Utilities  ◈ Yes; built-in packet 

capture 

AP MANAGEMENT 

Automatic AP Discovery  ◈ Yes 

Automatic AP Provisioning  ◈ Yes; template-based 

AP Configuration Backup & 

Restore  ◈ Yes 

AP Firmware Batch Upgrade  ◈ Yes 

Tunneled AP Management  ◈ Yes; both L2 & L3 APs 

AP Load Balancing  ◈ Yes 

Automatic AP Firmware 

Upgrade  ◈ Yes 

Automatic Periodically AP 

Backup  ◈ Yes 

USER MANAGEMENT 

User Policy Assignment  

> ◈

Role-based  

> ◈

Time & location 

dependent 

Stateful Firewall  

> ◈

Yes; each rule with 

individual enforcement 

schedules 

Static Route Assignment  ◈ Yes 

Concurrent Session Limit  ◈ Yes 

IP Address Reassignment  

> ◈

Allow clients to obtain 

different IP addresses 

after authentication 

NETWORK SERVICES 

Redundancy 

(High Availability)  ◈ No 

Internet Protocols Supported  ◈ IPv4  

> ◈

IPv6 

DHCP Server / DHCP Relay  ◈ Yes 

Network Address Translation  ◈ Yes 

Built-in HTTP Proxy Server  ◈ Yes 

Dynamic Routing  ◈ Yes 

Local DNS Records  ◈ Yes 

Hotel PMS Integration  

> ◈

Innkey PMS  

> ◈

Micros Opera PMS  

> ◈

IDS Next 

Integrated Billing & 

Accounting System  ◈ Yes 

Billing Quota Types  ◈ By duration  

> ◈

By traffic volume 

Bandwidth Limitation  

> ◈

User-based  

> ◈

Group-based  

> ◈

Bandwidth throttling 

Traffic Classification / 

Remarking  ◈ Yes; 802.1p / DSCP 4

ENTERPRISE-GRADE WIRELESS LAN CONTROLLER  EWS101 

REPORTING 

Whether it is real-time monitoring of network activity 

or tracking the usage of previous Wi-Fi users, network 

administrators need the appropriate tools at their disposal 

to increase efficiency and reduce workload. The Edgecore 

Controllers have an extensive set of logging and reporting 

features that allow network administrators to easily find 

any information related to the wireless network. 

The built-in system dashboard provides a quick overview 

of the current system status, along with graphical reports 

of network traffic and system performance. In addition, 

there is a simple interface for viewing online devices 

and their associated detailed statistics, including but not 

limited to the roles they belong to, enforced network 

policies, and packets transferred. 

Alongside network monitoring, the Edgecore Controller 

also performs detailed logging of all network activity. 

For example, the User HTTP Web Log allows network 

administrators to track users who visited malicious 

websites, while the DHCP Lease Log can assist in 

troubleshooting clients who cannot receive an IP address. 

Lastly, the Configuration Change Log shows administrators 

which settings have been modified in the past, in case 

there are configuration errors that need to be reverted. 

## SPECIFICATIONS  

> TEL: 886-3-5638888 FAX: 886-3-6686111
> 1, Creation Rd. III, Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan 30077
> sales@edge-core.com
> www.edge-core.com
> © Copyright 2019 Edgecore Networks Corporation. The information contained herein is subject to change without
> notice. This document is for informational purposes only and does not set forth any warranty, expressed or
> implied, concerning any equipment, equipment feature, or service offered by Edgecore Networks Corporation.
> Edgecore Networks Corporation shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.

SYSTEM & NETWORK STATUS 

System Dashboard  ◈ Yes 

Graphical System 

Performance Reports  ◈ Yes 

Traffic Volume Reports  ◈ Yes 

System Process Monitor  ◈ Yes 

Online Device Monitoring  ◈ Yes 

Active Sessions List  ◈ Yes 

Configurable SYSLOG Severity  ◈ Yes 

SMTP (E-mail) Notifications  ◈ Yes 

Multiple Concurrent E-mail 

Notification Receivers  ◈ Yes 

NETWORK ACTIVITY LOGS 

System Log (SYSLOG)  ◈ Yes 

CAPWAP Log  ◈ Yes 

Configuration Change Log  ◈ Yes 

RADIUS Server Log  ◈ Yes 

User Events Log  ◈ Yes 

User HTTP Web Log  ◈ Yes 

Firewall Log  ◈ Yes 

DHCP Server/Lease Log  ◈ Yes 

PMS Interface Log  ◈ Yes 

On-Demand Billing Report  ◈ Yes 

AP Status E-mail Notification  ◈ Yes 

AP Management Event Log  ◈ Yes 

Logging to External FTP  ◈ Yes 

Configurable Logs & 

Reporting Intervals  ◈ Yes 

SYSTEM CAPACITY *1 

Managed APs  ◈ Up to 50 

Local Accounts  ◈ Up to 2,000 

On-Demand 

Accounts  ◈ Up to 2,000 

Concurrent User 

Limit  ◈ Up to 200 

HARDWARE SPECIFICATIONS 

Form Factor  ◈ Desktop 

Dimensions 

(W x D x H)  ◈ 19.0 cm x 13.3 cm x 3.3 cm 

Weight  ◈ 0.56 kg (1.23 lbs) 

Power  ◈ DC Input: 12V / 1A (Power adapter 

included) 

Interfaces  

> ◈

WAN: 1 x 10/100/1000Base-T 

Ethernet, Auto-MDIX, RJ-45  

> ◈

LAN: 4 x 10/100/1000Base-T 

Ethernet, Auto-MDIX, RJ-45  

> ◈

Console: 1 x RJ-45  

> ◈

USB: 1 x USB 3.0 

LED Indicators  ◈ Power  

> ◈

Status 

Buttons  ◈ Reset 

LCD Display  ◈ No 

Environmental 

Conditions  

> ◈

Operating Temperature: 0°C (32°F) 

to 40°C (104°F)  

> ◈

Operating Humidity: 5% to 95% 

non-condensing 

*1: Capacity limits may vary depending on configuration parameters