# 1G 10km SFP Transceiver ET4202-LX Product Features 

■ Up to 1.25 Gbps data links ■ 1310 nm FP laser and PIN photo-detector ■ Up to 10 km on 9/125 μm SMF ■ Duplex LC receptacle optical interface compliant ■ Hot pluggable ■ RoHS compliant ■ Commercial operating temperature: 0 °C to +70 °C

## Applications 

■ Gigabit Ethernet ■ Fiber Channel ■ Router/Server interface 

## Descriptions 

The ET4202-LX transceivers are high-performance, cost-effective modules supporting a data rate of 1.25 Gbps and a 10 km transmission distance with SMF. The transceivers are compatible with SFP Multi-Source Agreement (MSA) and SFF-8472. For further information, please refer to SFP MSA and SFF-8472. 

## Ordering Information                

> Part Number Transmitter Output Power Sensitivity Reach Temp DDM RoHS
> ET4202-LX 1310 nm -9.0 ~ -3.0 dBm -23.0 dBm 10 km 0~ 70 °CAvailable Compliant

# Datasheet Transceiver Absolute Maximum Ratings 

Stresses in excess of the absolute maximum ratings can cause permanent damage to the device. These are absolute stress ratings only. Functional operation of the device is not implied at these or any other conditions in excess of those given in the operational sections of the data sheet. Exposure to absolute maximum ratings for extended periods can adversely affect device reliability. 

## Pin Description           

> 20 VeeT 19 TD-18 TD+ 17 VeeT 16 VccT 15 VccR 14 VeeR 13 RD+ 12 RD-11 VeeR

Bottom of Board (as viewed thru top of board) Top of Board           

> 1VeeT 2TxFault 3TxDisable 4MOD-DEF (2) 5MOD-DEF (1) 6MOD-DEF (0) 7Rate Select 8LOS 9VeeR 10 VeeR

Parameter Symbol Minimum Maximum Unit             

> Storage Temperature Ts -40 85 °CRelative Humidity RH 095 %Supply Voltage Vcc 03.6 V

# Datasheet Transceiver Recommended Operating Conditions Parameter Symbol Minimum Typical Maximum Unit 

Operating Case Temperature Tc 0 25 70 °CSupply Voltage Vcc 3.135 3.3 3.465 VData Rate PER Channel - - 1.25 - Gb/s 

## Transceiver Electrical Characteristics Parameter Symbol Minimum Typical Maximum Unit Notes 

Input Differential Impedance Rin 90 100 110 Ω

Single Ended Data Input Swing Vin pp 250 1000 mV 

## Transmitter Optical Characteristics Parameter Symbol Minimum Typical Maximum Unit Notes 

Launch Optical Power Po -9 - -3 dBm Center Wavelength Range λc 1260 1310 1360 nm Extinction Ratio ER 9 - - dB 

## Receiver Optical Characteristics Parameter Symbol Minimum Typical Maximum Unit Notes 

Center Wavelength λc 1260 1620 nm Receiver Sensitivity in Average Power Sen -23 dBm 

# Datasheet Transceiver Warranty 

Please check www.edge-core.com for the warranty terms in your country. 

For More Information 

To find out more about Edgecore Networks Corporation products and solutions, visit www.edge-core.com. 

About Edgecore Networks Corporation 

Edgecore Networks Corporation is in the business of providing innovative network solutions. In the service provider network, in the data center or in the cloud, Edgecore Networks Corporation delivers the soſtware and systems that transform the way the world connects. Edgecore Networks Corporation serves customers and partners worldwide. Additional information can be found at www.edge-core.com. Edgecore Networks Corporation is a subsidiary of Accton Technology Corporation, the leading network ODM company. The Edgecore data center switches are developed and manufactured by Accton. To purchase Edgecore Networks solutions, please contact your Edgecore Networks Corporation representatives at +886 3 563 8888 (HQ) or +1 (949)-336-6801 or authorized resellers. © Copyright 2021 Edgecore Networks Corporation. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This document is for informational purposes only and does not set forth any warranty, expressed or implied, concerning any equipment, equipment feature, or service offered by Edgecore Networks Corporation. Edgecore Networks Corporation shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. EC-DS-1221-R02 

## Mechanical Specifications 

# Datasheet Transceiver