L2 Gigabit Ethernet Access Switch 

# ECS4210 Series L2 Gigabit Ethernet Access Switch 

Product Overview 

The Edgecore ECS4210 series includes high-performance Gigabit Ethernet Layer 2/4 switches featuring 12 and 28 ports; 8/24 10/100/1000BASE-TX ports, and four Gigabit Ethernet SFP (Small Form Factor Pluggable) ports. The switches are ideal for Internet service providers delivering Gigabit-bandwidth services to home or business users. The switches are also ideal for enterprise Gigabit-to-the-desktop and wiring closet installations. These switches are packed with features and offer a cost-effective solution that brings continuous availability, enhanced security, and advanced QoS to the network edge, while maintaining simplicity of management. 

Key Features and Benefits Performance and Scalability 

The ECS4210 series includes high-performance Gigabit Ethernet L2 access switches with up to 56 Gbps switching capacity. The switches deliver wire-speed switching performance on all Gigabit ports, taking full advantage of 

existing high-performance PCs by significantly improving the responsiveness of applications and file transfer times. 

The switches have four Gigabit Ethernet SFP ports for uplink 

flexibility, allowing the insertion of copper or fiber transceivers 

for high-speed uplinks to servers or the network backbone. Continuous Availability The IEEE 802.1w Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol provides a loop-free network and redundant links to the core network with rapid convergence, to ensure faster recovery from failed links, enhancing overall network stability and reliability. The IEEE 802.1s Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol runs STP per VLAN base, providing Layer 2 load sharing on redundant links. Multicast VLAN Registration (MVR) is designed for applications 

such as Media-on-Demand that stream multicast traffic across 

an Ethernet network. 

IGMP snooping prevents flooding of IP multicast traffic and limits bandwidth intensive video traffic to only the subscribers. 

The voice VLAN feature enables access ports to carry IP voice 

traffic from an IP phone. 

The IEEE 802.1Q-in-Q VLAN tag expands the VLAN space by double tagging packets. 

Comprehensive QoS 

Traffic is prioritized according to 802.1p, DSCI, IP precedence 

and TCP/UDP to provide optimal performance for real-time applications such as voice and video. 

Asymmetric bidirectional rate-limiting, per port or per traffic 

class, preserves network bandwidth and allows maximum control of network resources. 

Enhanced Security 

Port Security limits the total number of devices using a switch 

port and protects against MAC flooding attacks. 

IEEE 802.1X port-based or MAC-based access control 

ensures all users are authorized before being granted access 

to the network. When a user is authenticated, the VLAN, QoS, and security policy are automatically applied to the port where the user is connected, otherwise the port is grouped in a guest VLAN with limited access. DHCP snooping allows a switch to protect a network from rogue DHCP servers that offer invalid IP addresses. Access Control Lists (ACLs) can be used to restrict access to sensitive network resources by denying packets based on source and destination MAC addresses, IP addresses, or TCP/UDP ports. ACLs are hardware supported, so switching performance is not compromised. Secure Shell (SSHv1.5/v2.0) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL/HTTPS) encrypt Telnet and web access to the switch, providing secure network management. Dynamic ARP Inspection (DAI) is a security feature that validates Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) packets in a network. DAI allows a network administrator to intercept, log, and discard ARP packets with invalid MAC-to-IP address bindings. IP Source Guard prevents people from using IP addresses that were not assigned to them. 

Simple Management 

An industry-standard command-line interface (CLI), accessed through the console port or Telnet, provides a familiar user interface and command set for users to manage the switch. DHCP Option 82 is feature has a device add information to 

client TCP/IP configuration requests that it relays to a DHCP 

server. 

For a world always connected… 

www.edge-core.com 

# DATASHEET www.edge-core.com 

# ECS4210 Series Product Specifications 

# Features 

TEL: +886-3-5638888 FAX: +886-3-6686111 No.1, Creation Rd. III, Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan 30077 sales@edge-core.com www.edge-core.com 

TEL: +1 (949)-336-6801 20 Mason Irvine, CA 92618 

Product Model ECS4210-12T ECS4210-12P ECS4210-28T ECS4210-28P 

Port RJ-45 10/100/1000BASE-T Ports 8 8 24 48 RJ-45 10/100/1000 Uplink Ports X 2 X XSFP Uplink Ports 4 2 4 4PoE Port 0 8 0 24 RJ-45 Console Port Yes Yes Yes Yes 

Performance Switching Capacity 24 Gpbs 24 Gpbs 56 Gpbs 56 Gpbs Forwarding Rate 17.9 Mpps 17.9Mpps 41.7 Mpps 41.7 Mpps Flash Memory 32 MB 32 MB 32 MB 32 MB DRAM 128 MB 128 MB 128 MB 128 MB MAC Address T able Size 16 K 16 K 16 K 16 K Jumbo Frames 13 K 13 K 13 K 13 K Auto-negotiation, Auto-MDI/MDIX Yes Yes Yes Yes 

PoE Support on all Gigabit ports based on IEEE 802.3af No Yes No Yes PoE+ based on IEEE 802.3at No Yes No Yes Auto disable after exceeding power budget No Yes No Yes Dynamic Power Allocation No Yes No Yes PoE Power Budget No 150 W No 400 W 

Mechanical Rack Space 19" 19" 19" 19" Dimension (W x D x H) cm 18 x 16.41 x 3.75 28 x 22 x 4.4 44 x 22 x 4.4 44 x 22 x 4.4 Weight 0.7 kg 2.3 kg 2.16 kg 3.13 kg 

Power Supply 100-240 VA C, 50-60 Hz Yes Yes Yes Yes Max System Power Consumption (Watts) 9.1 W 189 W 17.2 W 460 W 

Environmental Operating Temperature 0ºC to 50ºC 0ºC to 50ºC 0ºC to 50ºC 0ºC to 50ºC Storage Temperature -40ºC to 70ºC -40ºC to 70ºC -40ºC to 70ºC -40ºC to 70ºC Operating Humidity (non-condensing) 10% to 90% 10% to 90% 10% to 90% 10% to 90% Storage Humidity (non-condensing) 10% to 90% 10% to 90% 10% to 90% 10% to 90% Environmental Regulation Compliance: WEEE Yes Yes Yes Yes Environmental Regulation Compliance: RoHS Yes Yes Yes Yes 

Certi fi cation Power Surge Protection 4KV 2KV 4KV 2KV FCC Class A Yes Yes Yes Yes CE Yes Yes Yes Yes Safety Compliance: CB Yes Yes Yes Yes Safety Compliance: UL Yes Yes Yes Yes TEL: +886-3-5638888 FAX: +886-3-6686111 No.1, Creation Rd. III, Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan 30077 sales@edge-core.com www.edge-core.com 

> TEL: +1 (949)-336-6801 20 Mason Irvine, CA 92618

www.edge-core.com 

# ECS4210 Series Product Specifications 

# Features 

QoS Features 

Priority Queues: 8 hardware queues per port Traffic classification 

IEEE 802.1p based COS IP Precedence based COS IP DSCP based COS MAC access control lists (source/destination MAC, Ether type, priority ID/VLAN ID) IP standard access control lists (source IP) IP extended access control lists (source/destination IP, protocol, TCP/UDP port number) 

Traffic Scheduling 

Strict priority Weighted Round Robin 

Strict + WRR traffic scheduling 

Two Rate Three Color Marker (trTCM) 

Ingress traffic policing Egress traffic shaping 

Marking/remarking Rate limiting (ingress and egress, per port base) GE: Resolution 64 Kbps ~ 1000 Mbps DiffServ 

Security Features 

Port security IEEE 802.1X port-based and MAC-based authentication MAC authentication, Web authentication Voice VLAN, Guest VLAN EAPOL frames pass through L2/L3/L4 Access Control Lists IPv6 ACL DHCP Snooping DHCP Option 82 IP Source Guard Dynamic ARP Inspection RADIUS Authentication TACACS+ Authentication 

TACACS+ Authorization and Accounting 

HTTPS and SSL SSH (v1.5/v2.0) User name password authentication Local authentication Remote authentication via RADIUS/TACACS+ 

Management interface access filtering 

SNMP Web Telnet/SSH 

MAC filter 

PPPoE intermediate agent 

IPv6 Features 

IPv4/IPv6 dual protocol stack IPv6 Address Types Stack: Unicast IPv6 Neighbor Discovery SNMP over IPv6 HTTP over IPv6 Remote IPv6 ping 

L2 Features 

Tri-speed (10/100/1000BASE-T) copper interfaces Auto-negotiation for port speed and duplex mode Auto MDI/MDI-X SFP ports support 1000BASE-SX/LX/LHX/ZX/TX transceivers Digital Diagnostic Monitoring (DDM) Flow Control: IEEE 802.3x for full-duplex mode Back-pressure for half-duplex mode Storm Control: Broadcast Multicast Unknown Unicast Spanning Tree Protocol: IEEE 802.1D Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) IEEE 802.1w Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) IEEE 802.1s Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol (MSTP) BPDU Guard 

BPDU filtering 

Root Guard BPDU transparent Loopback detection VLANs: Supports 4K VLANs Port-based IEEE 802.1Q VLAN GVRP (256 VLANs) IEEE 802.1v protocol-based VLANs MAC-based VLANs IP subnet-based VLAN 

Private VLAN (Traffic Segmentation per port) 

Voice VLAN VLAN trunking L2 Virtual Private VLAN Q-in-Q Link Aggregation: Static trunk IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control Protocol Trunk groups: 8, up to 8 ports per group Load Balance: on MAC SA/DA, Ethertype, SIP, DIP, Source (TCP/UDP) port, Destination (TCP/UDP) port IGMP Snooping: IGMP v1/v2/v3 snooping IGMP Proxy reporting IGMP Filtering IGMP Throttling IGMP Immediate Leave IGMP Querier MVR (Multicast VLAN Registration) Support for 5 multicast VLANs Port mirroring VLAN mirroring MAC-based mirroring Remote port mirroring (RSPAN) Supports jumbo frames up to 13 KB TEL: +886-3-5638888 FAX: +886-3-6686111 No.1, Creation Rd. III, Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan 30077 sales@edge-core.com www.edge-core.com 

TEL: +1 (949)-336-6801 20 Mason Irvine, CA 92618 EC-DS-0917-03 

www.edge-core.com 

# ECS4210 Series Product Specifications 

# Features Ordering Information Power Supply 

AC Power: 100 to 240 V, 50-60 Hz 

Power Supply 

Internal, auto-ranging transformer: 100 to 240 VAC, 50 to 60 Hz 

Safety 

UL(CSA 22.2. NO 60950-1 & UL60950-1) CB (IEC60950-1) 

Warranty 

Please check www.edge-core.com for the warranty terms in your country. 

For More Information 

To find out more about Edgecore Networks Corporation products 

and solutions, visit www.edge-core.com. 

About Edgecore Networks Corporation 

Edgecore Networks Corporation is in the business of providing innovative network solutions. In the service provider network, in the data center or in the cloud, Edgecore Networks Corporation delivers the software and systems that transform the way the world connects. Edgecore Networks Corporation serves customers and partners worldwide. Additional information can be found at www.edge-core.com. Edgecore Networks Corporation is a subsidiary of Accton Technology Corporation, the leading network ODM company. The Edgecore Data Center switches are developed and manufactured by Accton. To purchase Edgecore Networks solutions, please contact your Edgecore Networks Corporation representatives at +886 3 563 8888 

(HQ) or +1 (949)-336-6801 or authorized resellers. 

> © Copyright 2017 Edgecore Networks Corporation. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This document is for informational purposes only and does not set forth any warranty, expressed or implied, concerning any equipment, equipment feature, or service offered by Edgecore Networks Corporation. Edgecore Networks Corporation shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.

Management 

Switch Management: CLI via console port or Telnet Web management SNMP v1, v2c, v3 

Firmware & Configuration: 

Firmware upgrade via TFTP server 

Multiple configuration files Configuration file upload/download via TFTP server 

RMON (groups 1, 2, 3 and 9) BOOTP, DHCP client for IP address assignment DHCP dynamic provision option 66, 67 SNTP IP clustering Event/Error Log/Syslog, SMTP LLDP (802.1ab) Multicast DNS (Optional) ECview Pro, powerful network management software that 

maximizes the managed capabilities of Edgecoredevices with: 

Topology Management Performance Management 

Configuration Management 

Event Management SNMP Management 

Electromagnetic Compatibility 

CE Mark FCC Class A 4KV surge protection 8KV/15KV ESD protection 

Environmental Specifications 

Temperature: IEC 68-2-14 0°C to 50°C (standard operating) -40°C to 70°C (non-operating) Humidity: 10% to 90% (non-condensing) Vibration: IEC 68-2-36, IEC 68-2-6 Shock: IEC 68-2-29 Drop: IEC 68-2-32 

Optional Accessories Product Description 

ET4201-SX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 500 m; Wavelength: 850nm) ET4201-LX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 10 km; Wavelength: 1310 nm) ET4201-LHX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 40 km; Wavelength: 1310 nm) ET4201-ZX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 80 km; Wavelength: 1550 nm) ET4202-SX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 550 m; Wavelength: 850 nm, DDM) ET4202-LX 1Gbps, Small Form Factor Pluggable (Distance: 10 km; Wavelength: 1310nm, DDM) ECView Pro SNMP Network Management Software